chore(state): add some more details around state management (#272)
homieiot/convention: convention.md

* disconnect and reconnect with other values, or
* set `$state=init` and then modify any of the attributes.

Devices can remove old properties and nodes by deleting the respective MQTT topics by publishing an empty message
to those topics (an actual empty string on MQTT level, so NOT the escaped `0x00` byte, see also [empty string values](#empty-string-values)).

> The recommended way to add/remove child device is as follows (note: due to MQTT message ordering consistency at any stage in this process cannot be guaranteed):
> 
> #### Adding:
> 
> 1. first publish the child-device(s), as any other device
>     1. set child-device state to `"init"`
>     1. publish child-device details (including parent details in `root` and `parent` fields)
>     1. set child-device state to `"ready"`
> 1. update the parent device, as any other change
>     1. set parent state to `"init"`
>     1. update parent description (add the child ID to its `children` array)
>     1. set parent state to `"ready"`
> 
> #### Removing:
> 
> 1. update the parent device
>     1. set parent state to `"init"`
>     1. update parent description (remove the child ID from its `children` array)
>     1. set parent state to `"ready"`
> 1. clear child-device(s) topics, starting with the `$state` topic

Author: ```suggestion
When adding many child devices, implementations should take care of not publishing too many parent-updates, since every controller would have to parse the description again and again.

The recommended way to add/remove child device is as follows (note: due to MQTT message ordering consistency at any stage in this process cannot be guaranteed):

#### Adding:

1. first publish any child-devices, as any other device
    1. set child-device state to `"init"`
    1. publish child-device details (including parent details in `root` and `parent` fields)
    1. set child-device state to `"ready"`
1. update the parent device, as any other change
    1. set parent state to `"init"`
    1. update parent description (add any child IDs to its `children` array)
    1. set parent state to `"ready"`

#### Removing:

1. update the parent device
    1. set parent state to `"init"`
    1. update parent description (remove any child IDs from its `children` array)
    1. set parent state to `"ready"`
1. clear any child-device(s) topics, starting with the `$state` topic
```
